in the 17 years that I've been a
YouTuber I've acquired a lot of tech
some of it has legitimately come in
handy many times for our content and
some I've kept around for personal
reasons like this mostly working CPU
Chiller but lately I found myself asking
how many optons does one man need do I
even have enough computers to put all
these old gpus in and how much is it
costing me to store all of these cases
fortunately we have a plan with our
crack team of logistics specialist we
are going to be liquidating everything
that you see in front of you welcome to
the lonus Media Group garage sale are
you guys ready to buy my stuff for
pennies on the dollar yeah let's
go I fix it for only 48 hours from when
this video goes live you can save $10 on
purchases of $50 or more with code Linus
fix act quick and take advantage of this
limited time deal using our Link in the
video description now tell me something
What's the total value of everything
that is out here roughly
$882,000 and what are the odds we're
going to get anywhere near $82,000 for
it less than 1% nice I got to say I
wasn't involved in the selection of the
items and I'm already noticing some very
interesting stuff that's just lowkey
hiding in the piles this right here is
that wild small form factor dual GPU
case well hopefully it goes to a good
home oh yeah and here's that stylish
rack from theano oh and I was going to
show off the braggy the dash which was
the world's first true wireless
earphones but I think somebody already
noticed them and snagged them now some
stuff doesn't have a price cuz we just
weren't really sure what to do with it
like this 40 lb bucket of AI liquid
coolers that are in various states of
disrepair so we're just going to go out
there and try our
luck here's an exciting opportunity this
bin of 432 lb of all-in-one liquid
coolers there's also some tubing and
there could be a dead rodent in the
bottom of the bin we're not sure I'm
going to start the bidding at $3 $3 I
have
$3 sold $3 sorry this is my first time
auctioning I don't really know how it
works it's
yours let's see if he can carry it
[Applause]
barely this is actually a very good deal
I'm serious yeah it is so much stuff
this EK unit alone is probably worth
like $50 to $75 oh you got something
really cool what do you remember this
video I can't remember it what was it
this is a prototype pumpless
AIO this doesn't exist other than this
one it doesn't work especially well and
you're going to have to kajigger your
own mounting for it but I have no idea
how that ended up in this bin half the
challenge getting rid of some of this
stuff is even knowing what it is Alex
you just explained what this was how do
you describe it it was an AliExpress uh
like tent tablet a tent tablet oh I
remember this one it's the weird
triangle tablet yeah what's the price on
this that is it's $1 a sure okay anyone
tablet $1 got him K hold on uh hold On's
CL that guy with the sunglasses let me
uh let me write on
sold I am such a good salesman a nice
young man asked me if we had any
monitors and REE said no we don't have
any monitors and I said I bet we have
some monitors I found this 8K Dell that
has literally been marked for sale for
so long that this pink sticker has now
faded to almost white back back vultures
back okay I have some monitors I'm
really hoping to get something for this
stupid 8K Dell okay 8K Dell monitor 500
bucks it's 500 bucks Canadian Canadian
I'll do it sold this is an ancient piece
of sh but a special one all right as far
as I know it still works and this sat on
my desk at NC then it sat on Luke's desk
here at lonus Media Group and included
with it is this unique item patch that
is the number of subscribers that lonus
Tech chps had when we founded the
company that's sick and one year we did
did a special jacket for all of our
staff that had a patch with their
subscriber count so this is Luke's patch
that he carelessly left on this
monitor 10 bucks 10 bucks deal all right
10 bucks sold this sucker just bought
the rocket skates for 50 bucks he
thought he was getting a deal but he's
going to be dead in a week to my kids
you're giving them to your kids the food
is expensive hello everyone I have an
exciting opportunity for you for the low
low price of what the f
sorry I got distracted there for the low
low price of whatever I'm about to make
up these however many cases there are on
this cart can be yours I'm going to
start the bidding at
$11,000 okay how about
$11 okay this guy they're all yours you
don't even know what you bought are you
sure you got a good deal all right well
hopefully you have a way of transporting
these anyone need a weird server rack 20
bucks 20s 20 bucks done deal all right
it's yours 20
bucks it's 11:30 at what point do we
want to say okay it's 30% off everything
that's still left like just start kind
1230 12:30 yeah all right we're sell
we're selling at full price for okay we
got an offer for 200 on the Scorpion
chair do we have any other offers that's
it that's it right now okay you just
volunteered to help me haul it outside
we're going to sell this thing we're
going to sell it okay let's go all right
I'll tell you what we're going to play a
little game I'm going to go outside and
I'm going to see if anyone will take it
for
$600 if they don't you can have it for
bucks take take that dude I think it's
worth it you think it's worth the gamble
worth it for the gamble let's go let's
go let's see if we can sell a scorpion
chair to the left to the left my Throne
everything you own in a box to the left
where's the box I I know beonce okay
right down right down here we go here we
go watch your head watch your head watch
your back okay I have made a deal with
this gentleman he made me an insult ly
low offer for my fine quality scorpion
chair here and I said okay look sir I
think I can get three times what you
offered and if I can't I'll give it to
you for 20 bucks do I have
$600 okay 20 bucks to be picked up today
too late 20 bucks it's yours oh my God
thanks so much oh my God how did that
you got to it though get that thing out
of here hey look a wild Elijah appeared
want to go on a journey with me
absolutely all right let's find some
stuff to get rid of O how'd these guys
say we couldn't spare any ssds because
there's quite often a lot of projects
where we just take like eight of the
same ones look at these ssds I'm I'm not
disagreeing with you I'm just saying
it's going to you know what's going to
happen we're going to sell these Jake's
going to start a video next week where
he needs 16 of them and you know it but
but but Kodak okay that okay that one I
agree that
can still works but do not use for
important things all right get it in
there Vader hard drive yo that's lit
what else we got do we need this many
gpus I don't know do we need 2360s do we
need 4 360s Elijah take these gpus to
the people yes sir what else we got how
about some Minion Wi-Fi
routers don't think I'll be needing
those this switch ran our video editing
for years that'll be a fun little piece
of history and speaking of do I really
need this many 45 Drive stators many
employers may not be aware of how to
reduce the risk associated with lifting
I am stuck now okay so Jamie yes sir
here's what I'm thinking okay I'm going
to get out there move all of these and
then we'll do the thing what thing you
know the thing oh oh 30% off shut up
they're right there did you get rid of
the scarping turn yeah 20 bucks you got
what sold the Scorpion chair for $20 I
made the guy a deal he offered $200 and
then I said I think I can get three
times that so I went out but I said if I
can't get three times that I'll give it
to you for 20 bucks will you gamble
now you know what I'm not the one that
has to answer to your wife he's not
wrong before I cart this out there I
should probably figure out what it is uh
we've got a couple of what look like LSI
hbas in here supporting a total of 16
drives wait each 32 yeah does anyone
have an LT screwdriver who the heck
screwed this in like that does anyone
have an LTT screwdriver on them what are
the
odds if it's not LTT you're fired it is
nice perfect that is hilarious like the
fact that we can just be like yeah can I
get a screwdriver and there's someone in
earshot it just proves how good quality
it is that many people have it exactly
that and we've sold like 160,000 of them
or something like that thank you thank
you no thank thank you all right what do
we got oh no drives so just okay okay so
it's just a 45 dri chassis I don't know
like uh I don't know 500 bucks yeah 600
bucks is anyone here a major data
hoarder do I have 350 for the storinator
60 Drive chassis 350 350 do I have 400
I've got 400 450 you really watch 500
550 I've got 550 anyone 550 going once
600 he was first 650 going once 650
going twice and sold what are you going
to put on this what do you need 60 hard
drive Bays for you know what video games
sure games my
ass you drove from California Sacramento
wait what
Sacramento you're going to drive this
all the way over the Border another 15
hours we told you guys not to travel for
this yeah they got listening problems I
mean you've seen America's education
system
happy happy birthday America if you
wanton announce 20% off we can do that
for every single purchase it just is one
extra tap for the Cashers I did already
test it once so someone got 20% off I
just wanted to make sure it
worked can I have your attention please
can I have your attention please well
the real lus pleas stand up thank you
Elijah gets the reference this his first
time
y this the first time for I'm evolving
from this moment forward everything is
25% off the sticker price 20 20 20 sorry
Chase 20 20 I almost did it
wrong 20% off the sticker
price go this LG digital signage TV has
got to go I paid five grand and I feel
like I'm going to get a lot less can I
get 50
bucks do I have
$200 1,000 1,000 do I have 1100 1,00
okay 1200 1,00 13 I have 1300 we got a
bidding more here folks 1300
1,400
15,500
1,600 17
$1,700 going once going
twice full $1,700
yes that's much better than I was
expecting to do on this I'm so happy to
have lost 3,300 $ you did it good though
yeah thanks Jamie I have a bob WiFi 6
router do I hear $5 yeah I saw mill over
here first do I hear $7 oh my go okay I
got guy in the white shirt went first
okay do I hear $7.50 Migel was first
okay
sold that's okay he got the chump on
anyway Bob
suckss I've got a Kevin Wi-Fi 6E router
50 bucks just take
it okay this one's a bit more fun this
was our main 10 gig switch for I don't
know like 3 years 5 years or something
like that so many videos have been run
through this switch it's been modded
with knock to a fan so it's a little bit
quieter anyone
interested okay it's 40 bucks you want
it yeah no I'll take it 10 gig switch
enjoy sales are going good but I think
it's slowing down a little bit I'm
thinking 50% off yeah we can set that up
everything that's left okay okay we'll
announce it in 4 minutes okay I'll
change it for some reason Red Bull sends
us like pallets of drinks we don't do
anything with them we never really shout
them out or anything so sure we're going
to give some Red Bull to the people I
wanted
it Elijah don't be greedy we just sell
this sure yeah why not we've got the
Badminton Center opening soon got a lot
of shuttle Coxs um oh my my God there's
there's so many something of a shuttle
Enthusiast yeah me too well mineus
the shuttle smash Champs smamps opening
in August what the heck is this can we
get rid of this no it's for my upgrade
oh of course it is child labor laws are
to protect the employers from having to
deal with this
stuff that's a hot take obviously
kidding he's not none of this is ass
seted so I'm just going to take it out
there and get rid of it yes as long as
it's not AED but good but the Red Bull
you're going to sell the Red Bull we got
that for free yeah so it's profit you're
not going to let me profit on one thing
today you're going to take that away
from me you know what because you sold
that TV and the Scorpion chair you could
do whatever you want I mean I sold the
Scorpion chair for 20 bucks dude I don't
care you got it out of here all right I
got a few more special items I have a
bin of fans that's right this is my only
fans bin
and it can be yours for the low price of
$1,000 I'll take
it you know that's legally binding right
but I'll tell you
what all right we got a we got a runner
here I don't need you alive I don't even
know who you are okay in all seriousness
I don't know 50 bucks 50 50 I saw you
first 60 bucks 60 it's 50 going once
twice
boom all right now I got I got the
lightning round I got some mouse pads
does anyone want a yoga
mat I didn't even give a price
yet 10 bucks okay I heard you first all
right I got I got another mouse
pad got wait for the price you got to
wait for the damn price I I'll sell you
the name of my first
child I get to name your first child for
a mouse pad yeah
prove you aren't
sterile I mean just take
it oh but I have something special now
this sign from LTX 2023 the last LTX
until if we did another one which we
probably won't but we might let's make
it interesting we're going to have all
the staffers that are here sign it for
you 100
bucks okay I got 100 we got 110 do I
have 120 120 120 13 13050
150 going once twice sold oh too late
all right we'll sign it man there's some
crazy stuff still left here this is a
never opened inwin 309 it's got that
front panel with all the addressable RGB
and
stuff maybe we just got to incentivize
people a little bit more okay I need
some height those of you who have waited
patiently in the heat you will be
rewarded everything is now 50% off
sticker
price 50% off at the till what is that
this is my
balls my Alpha cool balls I'm just I
don't know I was just going to hu them
into the crowd I will give you another
$50 off but you must complete a
challenge see this ball when Colton
comes around the corner you got to hit
him with it without him seeing you do
you think we could sell this
sign sell anything like we sold the
other TX sign what do you think we could
get for it Colton maybe 20 bucks I don't
know what what are you even doing here
today what I was just coming to see
what's going on oh all right that's all
isn't it kind of a long drive all right
he gets 50 bucks off nice shot what was
that hi are we assaulting people to give
them discounts how does that work well
you're not getting a
discount do you want to take a guess on
how much we've sold to them most of the
stuff that I moved out the door was for
like 10 bucks yeah you did you
contributed about 100 bucks to this nice
I'm going to say 40 Grand yeah it's like
34 wow so we so so a $50,000
loss I mean I think he thought he was
giving me good
news he hadn't done the math
yet well it's okay the lights stayed on
today didn't they yeah what a day and
the craziest part is there's entire
category we haven't even touched laptops
streaming stuff we had barely any
keyboards we didn't touch projectors
fully built systems I suspect we're
going to end up doing this again at some
point just like I'm going to end up
telling you about our sponsor I fix it
say goodbye to your dollar store use
once and it breaks tools iFixit
highquality driver kits are assembled
with the tinkerer in mind and best of
all for a limited 48 hours after this
video goes live you can save $10 on
purchases of $50 or more with the code
Linus fix it may just be the perfect
time to pick up a kit for yourself or
for a friend their pocket sized minow
kit is a great place to start or if you
need a more comprehensive selection of
bits their Manta driver kit has over 100
different bits you'll be like a kid in a
candy store except don't eat the candy
anyway head on over to our Link in the
description and use code Linus fix to
get $10 off your purchase of $50 or more
but act fast because by the time you see
this there will be less than 48 hours
left on the clock if you guys enjoyed
this video why not check out the last
time we did this it was like 7 years ago